Enhance CLI error in case of non existing source file (#561)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

- Usage of `newAddress` with hash parts shorter than 64 hexadecimal digits does not cause constant evaluation error `Invalid address hash length` anymore: PR [#525](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/525)
- Introduced a streamlined error logger for compilation pipeline to support third-party tools: PR [#509](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/509)
- Collisions of PascalCase getter names in generated wrappers are now checked: PR [#556](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/556)

> - Error in case of not existing source file is now thrown in a more clear way: PR [#561](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/561)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display a clearer error in case the source code file is missing when using Tact's CLI: PR [#561](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/561)
```
